README.md, before:

# sorting_algorithms
This for `0x1B.C-Sorting algorithms & Big O` project:

Description for all the files and directories in this directory
Any file that does't have a description -if there is any- is propably for testing purposes


`sort.h` -> a header file for this project


`print_array.c` -> a source code file for a function that prints an array of integers
- Prototype: `void print_array(const int *array, size_t size);`


`print_list.c` -> -> a source code file for a function that prints a list of integers
- Prototype: `void print_list(const listint_t *list)`


`0-bubble_sort.c` -> a source code file for a function thatthat sorts an array of integers in ascending order using the Bubble sort algorithm
- Prototype: void bubble_sort(int *array, size_t size);
- It is expected to print the array after each time the two elements swap

`0-O` -> the big O notations of the time complexity of the Bubble sort algorithm, with 1 notation per line:
- in the best case
- in the average case
- in the worst case

Commit message:

task1 and modify README.md and sort.h

README.md, after:

# sorting_algorithms
This for `0x1B.C-Sorting algorithms & Big O` project:

Description for all the files and directories in this directory
Any file that does't have a description -if there is any- is propably for testing purposes


`sort.h` -> a header file for this project


`print_array.c` -> a source code file for a function that prints an array of integers
- Prototype: `void print_array(const int *array, size_t size);`


`print_list.c` -> -> a source code file for a function that prints a list of integers
- Prototype: `void print_list(const listint_t *list)`


`0-bubble_sort.c` -> a source code file for a function that sorts an array of integers in ascending order using the Bubble sort algorithm
- Prototype: `void bubble_sort(int *array, size_t size);`
- It is expected to print the array after each time the two elements swap

`0-O` -> the big O notations of the time complexity of the Bubble sort algorithm, with 1 notation per line:
- in the best case
- in the average case
- in the worst case


`1-insertion_sort_list.c` -> a source code file for a function thatsorts a doubly linked list of integers in ascending order using the Insertion sort algorithm
- Prototype: `void insertion_sort_list(listint_t **list);`
- You are not allowed to modify the integer n of a node. You have to swap the nodes themselves.
- You’re expected to print the list after each time you swap two elements (See example below)

`1-O` -> the big O notations of the time complexity of the Insertion sort algorithm, with 1 notation per line:
- in the best case
- in the average case
- in the worst case
